Manager Ma, haven't you got off work yet?
president
I went to see Miss Shu to make sure she didn't go home
Is he really going to find him?
Uncle can take a shower without makeup today
Scrub his toilet
So beautiful without makeup
Going to the toilet is a bit distressing
But the toilet that has been brushed without makeup
I don't know if it feels different to use it.
Hahaha
What did you just say I was joking
I said no makeup brushed toilet
Will it feel different to use it?
I'm scrubbing the toilet
Now, the peaceful era has not gone back
The test paper made him brush the whole floor
Uncle, what you didn't finish last time
Do a good job this time
Don't be afraid, it's not
Besides, it's not good if you scream louder
The more excited I get, manager, I'll call the police when you're here
Hug me, little beauty
no makeup